>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Many of us have
raised children who we
felt were challenging,
but what if you had the
additional challenge of a child
who had full
awareness from birth?
And what if that
child was experiencing
constant alien contact?
Ann Andrews will tell us a
story about her son, Jason,
who was a chosen one.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
OK.
Some things started changing
with the birth of your son
Jason.
Can you start
telling us the story?
>>ANN ANDREWS: Yes.
As I say, Daniel's birth, the
older brother, was very normal.
No problems.
With Jason, I had to
take a lot of bed rest.
Then it became apparent
when obviously he
was imminent that
there were problems.
They brought in a fetal monitor
to measure the heartbeat.
That suddenly sort
of just went dead.
There was no heartbeat at all.
And of course, the place
was absolute confusion.
Obviously, I was a
bit sort of out of it
too much at the time,
so I didn't really
sort of react to it.
And then, well, I'll
say the next thing,
Jason was delivered
happy, healthy.
They actually had an
incubator ready for him,
but he didn't need it.
>>REGINA: How long had
his heart-- for how long
had the heart not been beating?
>>ANN: Well, they said
it was for a few minutes.
But then, of course, as I say,
once he was delivered safely
and very healthy, they
assumed that there
was something wrong
with the machine.
So the next thing I
was aware of was, like,
being handed the baby and
then the technicians sort
of taking the machine off
and bringing in another one.
>>REGINA: It was an
odd thing, but you
thought, well, he's here,
he's pink, he's healthy.
And no more thought was really
given to it at that time,
although your
baby's heart is not
supposed to stop
for a few minutes.
>>ANN: Well, this
is what we said.
But obviously, the staff said,
well, no, obviously, he's
healthy, he's happy.
>>REGINA: Let's not look
at it, yeah, for now.
>>ANN: They'd considered
it to be the machine.
>>REGINA: Let
bygones be bygones.
Yes.
>>ANN: Yes.
They thought it was something
wrong with the machine.
So hence why they took it away.
>>REGINA: Now we can
go ahead and talk
about Daniel, his older
brother's friend-- the way
he was interfacing with it,
the nature of his friend, why
you thought it was
rather odd choice
for an invisible playmate.
And talk about that for a bit.
>>ANN: Yes.
As I say, we weren't worried,
because most single children
do have invisible friends.
But Daniel's choice we
thought was very odd,
because he said that his
friend was a spaceman
and that he came from the stars.
I mean, he actually had a really
good knowledge of the star
systems, I mean,
bearing in mind he's
four years old at the time.
>>REGINA: And he had
knowledge of star systems?
>>ANN: And he had
knowledge of star systems.
I mean, he would take Paul
and myself out at night,
and he'd say, see that star,
mum, that's called this.
And that's from that system.
And we were like, where's
he getting this from?
And we just assumed
that maybe it
was educational TV or something,
because he just started school.
And so again, we
just thought, OK,
that's what it is,
that's what it is.
>>REGINA: And what was
the name of his friend?
>>ANN: He called him Joonas.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And Joonas gave him
various messages
as time went on, aside
from teaching him
about star systems they
came from and so forth.
And a little later, we're
going to kind of distinguish
between the types of beings that
were showing up in your family
profile and then go back into
your own personal history.
So Jason, one
thing I remember is
that he-- when he
cried in his room
and you would go
in there, this is
when some really odd occurrences
had started beginning.
So tell us the
array of things that
were happening when
you'd go into his room.
>>ANN: Well, as you so rightly
said, we'd hear him crying.
We'd go in the room, because
he had his own nursery room.
And we would find that
he wasn't in his cot.
Sometimes he would
be underneath it.
>>REGINA: A cot is a crib in--
>>ANN: Oh, sorry.
A crib, yes.
>>REGINA: No, that's fine.
You call them cots;
we call them cribs.
Just to let our American viewers
know what you're speaking of.
>>ANN: OK.
Right, yes.
Yes, he wouldn't be in there.
He'd be underneath it, or
he'd be underneath a chair.
Sometimes we actually found him
in the bottom of the wardrobe.
And I mean, you're talking about
a baby that's a few weeks old.
I mean, how-- how?
It doesn't make sense.
So obviously,
being very logical,
practical people, we said, well,
it must be his older brother
even though he'd been
told not to touch the baby
when mom wasn't there.
So we figured, well,
if he stands on a chair
and he stands on
tiptoes, then maybe he
can just about reach him.
>>REGINA: But still,
that's a stretch.
And then pull him out, be able
to bear the weight and all.
>>ANN: Exactly.
Exactly.
But then again, your rational
mind doesn't sort of--
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS] Probably not.
>>ANN: You don't think that way.
You just think, oh,
well, it's got to be him.
We'll mention it to
the health worker
when she comes, which we did.
And she just said, well,
don't worry about it too much.
Don't confront him with it.
And he'll get bored
soon, and it'll stop.
But I mean, that
used to happen when
he wasn't even in the house.
So.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: OK, well,
when it was happening
when he wasn't in the house, you
know how when something is just
so shocking and awful,
you can't help but laugh?
I mean, it's not funny.
But still, you think
of a little baby
somehow floating out of his
crib to one place or another,
and you can't blame it on
the little brother anymore.
>>ANN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So what
were your thoughts
once you realized
this was happening
when Daniel wasn't around?
>>ANN: Truthfully,
I worried about it.
I worried about it an awful lot.
I tried to confide in Paul.
I tried to talk
to Paul about it.
>>REGINA: Your husband?
>>ANN: My husband.
But obviously, with
working all day,
and, you know, he'd just say,
oh, you've made a mistake.
You're probably tired looking
after the baby and, obviously,
the older one.
And I knew I hadn't
made a mistake.
But it still kept happening.
>>REGINA: How was
this affecting Paul?
Did he think you were
going loopy or something?
>>ANN: He was a
little bit concerned.
He thought it might
be sort of-- I
don't know what they
call it-- postnatal
stress or something like that.
So there was a little
bit of worry there.
But you know when you
know something and--
>>REGINA: Well, when you find
your baby out of the crib,
and his little brother's
not there to blame it on--
>>ANN: Yeah.
Exactly.
Where do you go from there?
So I didn't really have
anyone else to confide in.
But then, as I say,
after a few months,
the whole thing stopped.
He was just left alone,
and it didn't happen again.
So we just assumed it
must have been Daniel,
and maybe I'd made a mistake.
>>REGINA: Hmm.
So it made you doubt yourself.
So it created a little
split on a cognitive level
with you, where you started
doubting yourself actually.
And what I find interesting
about this story
is that you're probably
not the only parent that
went through very similar
sets of reactions,
because there was no framework
to put it anywhere else.
So you doubt yourself.
You think, OK, they didn't have
a heartbeat for a little while,
but they said, oh, it's
all right, he's OK now.
You don't really start stringing
things together right away,
I would suppose.
>>ANN: No.
No, you don't.
You're just over
the moon that you've
got two healthy children.
And OK, maybe I could
have made a mistake,
or maybe it was
postnatal stress.
You just sort of
gloss over it, really,
and think, well, we've
got to look ahead.
And that's what you do.
>>REGINA: And so he
observed some beings
in his room that kind
of floated in and out?
>>ANN: Yeah.
He said that they would come.
Sometimes they would come
up through the floor.
He said sometimes they
would sort of just
float, just pass
through the window.
He said they would just come
straight through the glass
or through the walls as
if they weren't there.
And they would then-- He
would always find himself-- I
mean, obviously, this is when he
was able to articulate things.
But he said he would always
find himself sort of unable
to move--
>>REGINA: The paralysis, yes.
>>ANN: --like he was paralyzed.
>>REGINA: And how old
was he by this point?
>>ANN: Well, when he
started explaining it to us,
he was a little more than three.
And so his story never
changed, never ever changed.
He said all this until--
well, as I say, right up
till the point where we finally
did have to believe him.
But that wasn't till
he was 12 years old.
>>REGINA: Right.
And sometimes-- am I
understanding correctly?--
he would just sort of
phase out or disappear?
>>ANN: Yes, yes, he would.
He said the only thing that
he could move were his eyes.
He said he would often
sort of try and scream,
but no sound would come.
Then he said there was always
a taller being with them.
He said there were usually
lots of little ones,
and then there was a taller one.
And he said the
taller one would just
touch, like, with a finger.
And then he said he would
just rise from the bed
or wherever he was.
>>REGINA: Levitate.
>>ANN: Yeah, levitate.
He suddenly would just slide him
straight out through the glass
the same way that they traveled.
>>REGINA: What color were they?
What color was the tall one?
>>ANN: He said that
they were all grey.
He maintained that the
smaller ones were sometimes
varying shades of gray.
But always grey.
He said that the taller one
was always lighter, lighter
in color.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I think in the parlance
of that community,
they're the tall whites,
sometimes they call them.
>>ANN: Oh, I've heard of that.
>>REGINA: They're more pale.
Yeah.
So it might be something
similar to that.
Mm.
And then about his
seventh birthday.
Then what started occurring?
>>ANN: That was his
fourth birthday.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>ANN: Sorry.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
>>ANN: Yeah.
But it was his first
proper birthday party.
>>REGINA: Oh, I see.
OK.
>>ANN: So of course, you
can imagine we had children
everywhere and
jelly in the carpet,
the usual sort of thing.
>>REGINA: Yeah, sure.
>>ANN: Everybody enjoyed it.
Everybody loved it.
It was a day in
July, July the 2nd.
And then, obviously, after all
the children had gone home,
we could see that the skies were
gearing up for a thunderstorm.
But my mum was there to help us.
So she was sort of helping
us clear up and tidy.
And finally, we sort of got the
house looking fairly straight
again, sort of not
till late evening.
And that's when things
really kicked off,
because Jason had fallen asleep
on the settee, on the couch,
I think you say.
>>REGINA: Yes, the couch.
Yes.
>>ANN: Daniel had
already gone to bed.
So of course, my mum just
put her coat over him
to keep him warm.
And the three of us were just
sitting there having coffee.
And there was a
knock at the door,
but it was really sort of hard
and heavy, like very insistent.
And of course, Paul got up.
And he said, well, god,
it's gone 10 o'clock.
Who on earth is that?
>>REGINA: Who would be knocking?
Yeah.
>>ANN: So he went
and opened the door.
And of course, it was
pouring down with rain.
And there's nobody there.
And the house that we lived
in, it was on its own.
So we sort of looked
up and down the lane.
There's no car,
there's no nothing.
So he shut the door again,
came back into the living room.
And then I remember there
was a huge bolt of lightning,
which frightened both the dogs.
They both ran and
hid under the table.
And it was at that point
that Jason just sat up.
And it's like his
eyes were wide open,
but there was nobody home.
And he just sort of sat
up, swung his legs around.
And he stood up.
And he started coming
out with these numbers.
They were incredible numbers.
And he was talking about, you
know, to the power of this
and to the power of-- and binary
codes, and all sorts of things
that, I mean, he's
a four-year-old.
He can just about count
to 10 on his fingers.
So where on earth
was this coming from?
And of course, there's
my mum and myself sort
of looking at him,
thinking, what do we do?
>>REGINA: Was Paul there?
Did he witness it, too?
>>ANN: Yeah, Paul
witnessed it, too.
I believe that there was
another knock at the door.
And of course, again, Paul
reacted to it, answered it.
Nobody there.
Storm was getting
closer, louder.
And Paul said, well, I
don't know what's going on,
but I'm not putting up with it.
And he grabbed the phone
to ring the police.
And as he did that, the banging
that was on the front door
started.
It was like it was coming
from everywhere suddenly.
It was, like, on
all the windows,
just as if there were, like,
half a dozen people just
banging on the glass.
And this was happening
upstairs as well,
as if the house was surrounded.
So there was all this
banging going on.
>>REGINA: You must've
been pretty frightened
by this time, all of you.
>>ANN: We were
absolutely terrified.
I mean, Daniel came
running down the stairs,
because he was terrified
of all the knocking.
So of course, we sort of
huddled him in the living room.
And there's myself and my
mom and Daniel sort of all
huddled together.
And as I say, Paul was
trying to ring the police,
but there was no telephone tone.
There was nothing.
It was completely dead.
So basically, he just sort of
threw the phone in temperance.
It was like he didn't
know what to do,
but he was angry,
I think, because he
should have done something.
>>REGINA: Well,
because, as a man,
he couldn't protect his family.
It's totally out of his control.
>>ANN: Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
So I can understand how
he must have been feeling.
And Jason was still coming
out with these numbers.
And then all of a
sudden, he stopped.
And as he stopped
talking, all the knocking
stopped just completely.
It didn't just die down,
it just stopped completely.
And with that, he started
walking towards the door.
And Paul reached down
and picked him up,
and he sort of held him close.
And Jason sort of
pushed away from him.
He still had the
vacant expression.
And of course, Paul was
trying to hug him and say
to him-- well, he did
say to him, he said,
what's wrong, boy?
He said, what are you doing?
And Jason just, without
even looking at him,
just said, I have to go
because they're waiting for me,
which was quite terrifying.
And then the knocking
started again,
almost as if, you know, sort
of like a crescendo for him
to go to the door.
And of course, Paul was holding
him tighter and tighter,
and rocking him,
and saying, come on,
boy, come back,
come back, wake up.
>>REGINA: Oh, he must
have been so scared.
>>ANN: It was absolutely--
I can't tell you
how terrifying it was.
It was absolutely horrendous.
But at that point,
he started blinking,
almost as if whatever trance he
was in, he was coming out of.
And the more he
started blinking,
again, the more the
noise died down.
And then suddenly, it was like
he was wide awake and sort of
looked around him.
And he said, oh, hello, daddy.
Or I know it's late,
but can we watch TV?
And he had no idea
what had gone on.
So of course, Paul just
put him down gently
and said, yes, you can
watch the television.
And switched the TV
on for both the boys.
And of course, I'm saying
to him, what's going on,
Paul, what is it,
what's happening?
And he said, I don't know.
He said, I'm going to
try the phone again.
And the phone worked this time.
It worked perfectly.
He phoned the police.
He told them what happened.
Obviously, he didn't
mention Jason's part in it.
But he said about
all the knocking.
And within a few minutes,
there was a police car outside.
Officer knocked at the door.
And Paul actually went
outside with him with a torch.
>>REGINA: Flashlight, yeah.
>>ANN: Yeah.
Sorry.
Flashlight, yes.
>>REGINA: Otherwise, we vision
you out in the-- [LAUGHS]
>>ANN: Yes, a torch, yes.
Sorry.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ANN: So Paul went
outside with the officer,
and they both had flashlights.
And they were looking around
the gardens around the grounds.
And then the police officer
came back with Paul.
And I opened the door for them,
and he said, well, he says,
it's the strangest thing, but
there's no footprints anywhere.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, at this point,
you had to have
started asking different kinds
of questions about Jason--
if not then all the
knocking and rattling.
>>ANN: Yeah, exactly.
>>REGINA: Did
anyone note anything
he was saying, these numeric
codes or, as you say,
binary codes or
sequences or anything?
>>ANN: No.
It was just so fluent.
It was like he didn't stop
and think about anything.
It was just computer
fashion, if you like.
It was just spewing out.
I mean, obviously, at the
time, we didn't think, oh--
>>REGINA: You wouldn't
think to say, well,
let's write this down.
Yeah.
>>ANN: Yeah.
Let's write that.
>>REGINA: You were
just terrified
that this is coming out of
your robotic-like little boy.
>>ANN: Exactly.
Exactly.
Why is this happening?
But I mean, after that-- I'd
say we had no answers to it.
We just didn't have answers.
But again, being a very
rational person-- well,
myself and Paul, but
Paul more than me.
He just said, oh, it must
have been a nightmare.
Perhaps all we were
hearing was the storm.
So of course, over a few weeks,
you start to question again.
You start thinking,
well, was it?
Is it--
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
You're asking the questions.
Maybe he couldn't afford
to ask those questions.
>>ANN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: You know, emotionally.
Now, was there a point
at which you took Jason
to a psychologist
or something to see
if anything odd was
going on with him?
Or an expert of some kind?
>>ANN: Yes, we did.
As I say, this went
on not continuously,
but it'd go on for a
few months at a time.
>>REGINA: Same
kind of experience
or a different
kind of experience?
>>ANN: No, same-- very
similar sort of experience.
And it wasn't until he was
12 years old that we finally
sort of got an idea
of what was going on.
And I suppose even
then, at that time,
it wasn't necessarily
that we believed him.
It was that we believed
that he believed it.
>>REGINA: Right.
And there is still
other events to come
before you would actually
embrace all of this.
He had a birthmark
of some sort, right?
Did he have some kind
of birthmark on his body
that was different?
>>ANN: He didn't
have a birthmark,
but he came back
from an experience--
>>REGINA: Oh, I
see, with the marks.
>>ANN: Yes, with a mark.
This particular mark I
think you're referring to
was a triangle.
Because when he was
12, we were taking
him to see a child psychologist.
>>REGINA: Not surprising.
[LAUGHTER]
>>ANN: I mean, I would
add that she'd sent him
to the hospital
for various tests.
He'd had things put
all over his head and--
>>REGINA: MRIs, all that.
>>ANN: Yeah, all
that sort of thing.
Test for sleep epilepsy,
everything they could think of.
>>REGINA: And he was
coming up negative?
>>ANN: He was completely
negative on all of them.
So of course, she was
still working with him,
trying to find out
what was happening.
And he used to call
her the Finger Lady,
actually, because she used to
say "the little people," so--
>>REGINA: Oh, I see, yeah.
>>ANN: He used to say, oh, I'm
going to see the Finger Lady.
>>REGINA: Demeaning
to him, actually,
considering what he knew
and had been through.
Yeah.
>>ANN: Exactly.
Exactly.
He came back from an experience
this time with this triangle.
It was like a two-inch
perfect triangle on his side.
But it was very red.
It was bright red.
But it was like the
skin was raised.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ANN: The best
will in the world.
You can't think
how anybody could
do that, how you could
even get a mark like that.
Obviously, Jason was
really upset at this,
because it was quite painful.
But to us, it was like, we've
got proof, we've got something.
And he had an appointment that
day with the psychologist.
So of course, we sort
of marched him in there
and pulled up his shirt, and
said, right, explain that.
Tell us what that is.
And I remember her
sort of looking at it.
She raised her glasses.
And then she said,
oh, wait a minute.
And she went out
and she came back
with about four or
five of her colleagues.
And they were all sort
of poking and prodding
and sort of, well,
we can't explain it.
How did it get-- what is it?
And she looked at it again
by the end of the session.
And it faded to just a very
sort of lightish pink color,
and the skin had
gone back to normal.
And she just looked at
us, and she said, well,
I don't know what to say.
I mean, we do have
that in writing,
because she actually
wrote to our GP about it.
But the good thing was
she also wrote to our GP
and said Jason is not psychotic
in any way whatsoever.
And so in other words, what
he's saying is the truth.
And he's not ill.
>>REGINA: Now, how old
was he at this point?
>>ANN: He was 12 years
old at that point.
>>REGINA: OK.
There have been many
years that have passed.
What was he saying was
happening to him as he--
did he speak to
you often about it,
or did you have to prod him?
>>ANN: He used to be
extremely, extremely upset
about each time he was taken.
I mean, I remember he would
say to us-- he would say,
they're coming tonight.
And we would say, well,
how do you know this?
And he said that
I get a feeling.
And he said, I just get
a feeling in my head
that they'll be here.
And I remember one
night, Paul actually
sat up in his bedroom
armed with a baseball
bat and a flask of
coffee to keep him awake.
And he was woken up by
Jason sort of a few hours
later, saying, well, thanks for
nothing, Dad, you fell asleep.
>>REGINA: Well, I'm sure he
had help falling asleep, too.
>>ANN: He did.
I'm sure he did.
I think the turning
point, really--
and I think if you were to
speak to Jason, say, well,
when did it change for you?
When did it stop being fearful?
He would always
say, well, the day
my mom and dad said
they believe me.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I bet.
How lonely and
frightening for a kid--
>>ANN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: --to think
they have no support,
no one believes them.
>>ANN: Yes.
Yeah, that must have been awful.
>>REGINA: Did it help that he--
when the diagnosis came back,
they said he's fine?
>>ANN: It helped a lot.
Yes, it did help tremendously.
>>REGINA: Well, there
were some other things
that happened, too.
And there was a cryptic remark.
First of all, the
beings that visited
Daniel were very different than
the ones that visited Jason,
right?
>>ANN: Yes, they were.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about the difference
between those beings and
also a kind of cryptic remark
they made about Jason to Daniel.
>>ANN: OK.
Yes.
Obviously, they're brothers,
they love each other.
But they're chalk and cheese.
Daniel is very outgoing,
very extrovert.
I mean, we've always said,
he's virtually horizontal.
He's that easygoing.
Whereas Daniel was always
happy with the visitations.
He sort of looked
forward to them,
because, I mean, I would
remember going up and knocking
on his door at night,
because I could
hear him talking and
giggling and laughing.
And then I'd open the door,
and obviously, there'd
be nobody there.
And he'd say, oh, thanks, mum,
you frightened Joonas away now.
So again, you think,
invisible friend.
You just say, I'm sorry,
son, shut the door.
But of course, Jason
was the opposite.
He was absolutely terrified.
>>REGINA: What was the
nature of his beings?
What did the beings Daniel
was experiencing look like?
>>ANN: He said that
they were very tall.
He said, look,
taller than Daddy.
Paul's six feet tall.
So he said that they
were taller than him.
But he said they were
very-- well, as a child,
he described them
as pretty people.
He said, very nice-looking.
Very bright blue eyes.
Blonde hair.
And he said-- he
said that they look
like they go on holiday a
lot, because their skin was
sort of darker, like tanned.
Yeah, you said about the remark
that they said to Daniel.
Yeah.
That was just after
Jason was born, actually.
I remember Daniel
coming into the kitchen
crying his eyes out.
And of course, I said,
what's the matter?
And he said, Joonas
came last night,
and he said that he can't
see me again for a while.
And again, believing
it's an invisible friend,
I just cuddled him, said,
oh, well never mind, mate.
You've got your brother now,
and you've got mummy and daddy.
And he said, no.
He said, he told me that
they've made a mistake
and that it's Jason they need
to be working with, not me.
And that sort of
took me back a bit.
And then he looked at
me, and he said, mummy,
Joonas said Jason's
got an original soul.
He said, what's that?
>>REGINA: An original soul.
>>ANN: An original soul, yes.
So of course, at that
time, I couldn't answer it.
So I just sort of did
the usual mum thing
and said, oh, ask daddy
when he comes home.
>>REGINA: I've got chills.
Yes.
And so at that-- somewhere
around that time, as I recall,
there was a television
program that you
saw that started helping
you understand some things?
>>ANN: That's correct.
Yes, that was when Jason was 12.
That, for us, was the catalyst.
That changed everything.
Like I said, Jason
was-- well, we
were all watching this
program, bearing in mind
that Daniel was 16 now as well.
And it was a hypnosis
program where they use it
for entertainment,
and then they use
it to help someone get
over the fear of spiders,
stop smoking, that
sort of thing.
And then you know
when they give you,
like, a juicy bit just before
the break to keep you watching?
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
A tease, they call it.
>>ANN: Oh, right.
And this guy said,
oh, when we come back,
we'll be talking to this man.
And then they
showed you this guy.
And he was absolutely
petrified of the dark.
And he said that
he had to remember
what happened to him, because he
was driving his lorry late one
night, and he remembers a
bright light and then nothing.
But he had, I think, three
hours of missing time.
And it was at that
point that-- I
mean, obviously,
us three just said,
oh, that sounds interesting.
You know, we'll watch that.
And it was at that point
that Jason stood up.
And he had tears
running down his face.
And he picked something
up, an ornament,
threw it at the TV set.
And of course, Paul jumped up
and said, what the hell do you
think you're doing?
And he just turned round to
us, and he was just, like,
screaming at us.
He said, that man on
there is so stupid.
He said, he shouldn't
want to remember,
he said-- because he said, I
remember-- he said everything,
he said, and I don't
want to remember.
And he just fled out of
the room into the kitchen.
And we were just a bit stunned.
Paul just looked at me
and went, what's going on?
And it was at that point that
Daniel, bearing in mind, who's
now 16, he just looked at us
rather contemptuously and said,
don't you both get it yet?
And we were like, get what?
And that's when he came
out with, he started off
by telling us, do you remember
when I told you about Joonas
and I said that
Joonas had told me
that they've made a
mistake, that they should
be working with
Jason and not me?
And I said, yes, I
do remember that.
And he said, mom, he
said, he's being taken.
He said, for god's sake, I
thought you would've got that.
And I just looked at
him, and I said, well,
you've never said anything.
And he said, well, I thought
his shrink would have got it out
of him by now.
Because, obviously,
at that time,
we were taking him
to the psychologist.
He said, so I thought she would
have got it out of him by now.
And of course, Paul
just looked at him
and said, oh, don't
be ridiculous.
It just wasn't something that
he could get his head around.
Well, I couldn't.
But we went into the
kitchen, and Daniel came out.
And he said, mum, you've got
to help him, because, he said,
he's terrified.
He said, you've got
to do something.
>>REGINA: Now let's go into
the experience he was having.
Once there was dialogue,
you were able to find out.
When he would-- How
did he leave the room
and go aboard the craft,
in his description?
And once he got there, what
were they doing with him?
>>ANN: Well, as I said,
that was the first time
that we'd actually asked him
to describe what was happening.
And he went into detail.
And he said that after they
float him through the walls
or through the window,
he said, there's no pain.
He said, it feels like you're--
like being pulled through
something like treacle, like
molasses, something like that.
He said, it's like a thick
feeling, if that makes sense.
He said, but once you're on the
other side, you don't get that.
And then he said,
sometimes he would
remember being taken upwards.
And then he would see lights.
And then he said
he couldn't always
remember how he got there.
But he said he would
have recollection
of being in a room,
like a round room.
He said he was onto something
very, very cold and very high.
He said it was like--
almost like a slab.
But he said there
were no corners.
Everything was rounded off.
There was no corners anywhere.
And he said it was
extremely well-lit,
but he said you couldn't see
where the light's coming from.
And he said that
there were usually
lots of the little ones about.
He said they were-- He referred
to them as the workers.
He said they were sort of
here, there, and everywhere.
Then he said they were
like the taller beings.
He said there were always two
or three of the taller ones.
He said they used to
sort of do things.
They would sort of touch
me in places with things
and hurt me, which, he
said, always terrified me.
He said, I used to sort of
be returned the same way.
They were just--
>>REGINA: Were there
other people there?
Did he only notice the other
beings and no other humans?
>>ANN: At that time, he didn't
mention any other people.
This was just him alone.
Truthfully, it wasn't
the sort of thing
that we thought to
ask at that time.
We just thought, we
need to help him.
It wasn't until sort of
later, once-- like I said,
things changed for
him from then on.
Once we believed him, it sort of
helped him cope with the fear.
And then once he was
able to conquer the fear,
he started to listen.
He started to learn.
And they were happy
to teach him things.
And that's when he
started sort of realizing
that there were other people.
>>REGINA: Now,
somewhere along the way,
something was jogged
in you about some
of your own past memories.
>>ANN: Yes.
>>REGINA: So if you can talk
about that a little bit,
so we can start seeing
a bit of-- a lineage
to this whole thing.
>>ANN: Yeah, of course.
I suppose my-- I suppose one
of the memories that I had,
which I've always held on to,
which absolutely terrified me,
was when I was a child, because
we used to live in London.
My dad was working
nights, so I was
able to get into my mum's bed.
The dog was asleep at
the bottom of the bed.
And you know when you get that
feeling-- you just can't sleep,
but you get that feeling
that there's somebody there.
And I was only about
eight, I think.
And I remember suddenly
getting this feeling.
And I'm trying to wake my
mom, and she wouldn't wake.
The dog wouldn't wake.
And then I sort
of-- you know, you
peep out over the big clothes.
And there was this--
I call him a monk.
For years, I called
him a monk, because it
was like a hooded figure
with the big cowl thing.
And then it moved sort of
slowly, but it didn't walk.
But it glided around
the side of the bed.
And you know, I
remember, again, sort
of being absolutely petrified.
And then suddenly,
I couldn't move,
but I could see everything.
And then I saw these
hands to come up
to the hood to
push the hood back.
And that was the only
thing I could remember.
And that stayed with
me right up-- well,
it stayed with me forever.
>>REGINA: Did your memory
go blank after that?
>>ANN: After that, I
couldn't remember a thing.
All I remember were these
sort of very long fingers,
very sort of wrinkled, very
old hands going up to the hood,
obviously, to push it back.
But then--
>>REGINA: That was it.
>>ANN: That was it.
That was all I could remember.
And it wasn't until Jason
was having his experiences
that I, for some
reason, I started
having dreams about that time.
Because it's something that,
no matter how hard I tried,
I couldn't put it to
the back of my mind.
I couldn't forget it.
You know when you know
something is real, it happens.
Everybody says to you, oh, you
imagined it, oh, it's a dream.
I mean, my mom said, oh, you
had a bad dream, darling.
>>REGINA: No, it's too visceral.
You can feel it.
>>ANN: Yeah, exactly.
So, I mean, I suppose I could
understand how Jason felt
at that point, because
I was angry at my mum
for not believing me.
But no, as I say, I never
got over that memory.
And it wasn't till he was having
his experiences that I finally
remembered the rest of it,
which was pushing the hood back.
I could see the face.
And I remember sort of thinking,
it looks as old as the planet,
basically.
It was that feel
that you got from it.
It was just thousands upon
thousands of years old.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
it's interesting.
Many years ago when I first
started meditating and first
started going into just
kind of a soft altered state
of consciousness, the very
first things I encountered
were beings with those
eyes and faces that
would just phase
in and stare at me.
And I remember thinking,
my god, how old
must this being be, with these
wrinkly-- they were brown eyes,
but the skin was so
wrinkly around the eyes.
And it would just
stare at me and blink
and then back off and go away.
>>ANN: And fade off.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So-- and at the time, I
thought, I'm not making that up.
I'm looking at that, because
it happened repeatedly.
And I've always wondered what
it was that was-- I mean,
I have theories now many years
later with all this research.
But just kind of watching
and seeing what was going on.
And so-- now, OK.
So you started remembering
that or having dreams about it
before you came to
this reconciliation
with Jason, that I get it,
what's happening is real?
>>ANN: No, that
was after we-- yes,
that was after the
hypnosis TV thing.
Yes.
That was after that.
>>REGINA: Now, your
mother had told
you something about your father.
There was something revealed
about your father then, right?
>>ANN: That's correct, yes.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about that.
>>ANN: Yeah.
Obviously, you talk to
your mum about things.
And I was telling
her how worried
we were about Jason at the time.
And she just said, well,
your dad used to go off.
And I was like, what? [LAUGHS]
And she said, yeah, I didn't
really think anything of it
at the time.
She said--
>>REGINA: Your dad
used to go off.
>>ANN: Go off.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: So OK.
Did you get a better
explanation than that from her?
>>ANN: Oh, I did.
Yes, I did.
She said, well, I would wake
up, and he wouldn't be there.
He just wouldn't be there.
She said, he wouldn't
be in the bed,
he wouldn't be in the house.
And she said, I
couldn't work it out.
She said, then in the morning,
she said, for some reason,
I would go back to sleep
and not worry about it,
she said, although it
was odd, because you
would worry about it.
But she said, I
always remember sort
of waking up in the
morning, and he'd be there.
She said, and I'd
just say to him,
did you go anywhere
in the night?
And she said he'd
just look at me
and chuckle and say, oh,
wouldn't you like to know.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: That was it?
And so he never did tell
her what he'd been through?
>>ANN: No, no, he didn't.
>>REGINA: It's like all of
the secrecy, so to speak.
It's interesting.
Here, this is a
multi-generational experience,
obviously.
Your family had been
selected or maybe
on some very unknown
subconscious level, even maybe
agreed to be part of something.
Who knows how that works, right?
>>ANN: Exactly.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: And so did
you ever find out
what your dad had been through?
>>ANN: He did mention
to me once when
we were out walking the dog.
He did say to me-- I think
we were talking about things
in general, how beautiful
the park was, et cetera.
And he did say to me,
you know, he said,
something will
probably happen to you
as you get older,
he said, which you
won't be able to understand.
He said, you'll be taken places.
But he said, please don't
be frightened of it.
He said, it can be
a beautiful thing.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
How old were you when
he said that to you?
>>ANN: I suppose I was
about, again, eight or nine.
>>REGINA: Eight or nine.
And then one time you were
walking down the street holding
his hand, and there was a trio?
>>ANN: That's correct.
Yes.
We were actually in
the park and, again,
walking through the parking,
enjoying the sunshine.
And suddenly, there were these
three people in front of him.
When I first saw
them, they were just
dressed just as we
are, just normally.
And again, I sort
of looked at them
and remember thinking,
oh, they must
be so lucky to-- because
again, they were tanned skin.
>>REGINA: Do I take it
they had blue eyes also?
>>ANN: They did, yes.
And they were very,
very tall to my dad.
And as a child, I remember
thinking, oh, they
must be really
rich, because they
can afford to go
abroad for holidays,
because, obviously, the dark,
you know, the tanned skin.
And it was like suddenly my
dad was pushing me behind him.
And that's when I started--
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>ANN: --getting a
little bit scared.
But it was obvious that he knew
them and he knew them well.
And then the next
recollection I have
was I couldn't smell
the grass anymore,
and the sun wasn't shining.
But we were in, like,
a huge corridor.
And I was like, how
did we get here?
I still, to this day, don't
know how we got there.
But my dad was with me,
and I was holding his hand.
And then the being
that-- or the person
that we'd seen in the park,
he held out his hand to me.
And I looked at my dad.
My dad just went, it's
OK, take his hand.
So I took his hand
very reluctantly.
And he was leading
me away from my dad.
And my dad was just looking.
And I'm thinking,
why is he doing this?
Because he's always telling me,
you don't talk to strangers,
you don't go with strangers.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
>>ANN: It was against
everything that he'd told me.
So that was very,
very confusing.
But this-- this-- this
person, shall I say,
he took me into this room.
It was a very noisy room.
And there were dozens of
other children in there.
And they were all
playing with things.
And it was like I suddenly
recognized this boy.
And I sort of let go of his
hand and immediately ran over
to him.
And we started playing together.
And I don't know
where he came from.
>>REGINA: After that, it just?
>>ANN: After that, it
just seemed natural.
And I was just playing there.
And the tall being came to
collect me after a while,
took me back to my dad.
And then we were
back in the park.
And it was sort of
a few hours later.
>>REGINA: Now, at some point,
there were some messages
that you were given,
some key messages?
>>ANN: No, I said Jason
was more the one that was--
>>REGINA: Jason was.
OK.
And what were the
messages that were
coming to Jason at that point?
>>ANN: Well, it was things
that they were telling him,
things that they were
giving him, telling him
that he was to be part of
the future for the planet,
to be instrumental
in helping mankind
to attain-- how did they put it?
He said, out there is
no different down here.
He said, you get the
good, you get the bad.
He said, there's always
got to be a balance.
But he said this planet is
basically destroying itself.
And he sort of gave messages
from them, saying that how much
longer could we keep going,
given all the natural disasters
which go on, all
the wars, et cetera.
And that pretty
soon, we would have
no choice but to either
change or be eliminated.
He also told us that this
was about the seventh time
that the planet had been
created and that each time,
it was mankind that
had destroyed it.
So they were obviously
more in depth,
but they were very,
very cryptic messages.
But he was very
sincere about them all.
And he told us that he was here
as part of the rescue party,
if you like-- him and,
obviously, thousands of others.
Thousands of star children.
Or some people
call them indigoes
because of the
color of their aura.
And he said that
they were all here
to help with the
adjustment, as he put it.
>>REGINA: At some point,
he was able to relay
to you the circumstances
surrounding his birth,
as I recall, yes?
>>ANN: Yes, he was.
>>REGINA: OK.
Let's talk about what actually
happened at his birth.
>>ANN: Right.
That was his 18th
birthday party.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Did he have another wonderfully
exciting birthday party?
>>ANN: Well, no.
It was very normal.
It was his first pint of
lager, so he was over the moon.
But as we were getting
everything ready,
he came into the kitchen and
he said to us, oh, Mum, Fad,
can you sit down for a minute?
He said, I want to talk to you.
I'll make you a cup of tea.
And we thought,
wow, he's actually
offering to make
us a cup of tea.
Do something?
>>REGINA: Make a cup of--
this must be serious.
>>ANN: Yeah.
Well, exactly.
We thought, it's
got to be serious.
And he came over
and he sat down.
And he said, when
I was born, do you
remember them taking
away that fetal monitor?
And I was like, obviously,
we'd never mentioned it to him.
Why would you?
And I said, well, how
did you know about that?
And he said, well,
just bear with me.
He said, there was
nothing wrong with it.
And I said, well,
what are you saying?
And he said, I'm saying to
you that your baby did die.
And I said, Jason, that's
an awful thing to say.
>>REGINA: Ugh.
Chills in my hair.
>>ANN: Yeah.
That is awful.
And he said, no, he said,
there were many, many hundreds
of women who have
stillborn children.
He said, it's a fact of life.
But, he said, I was waiting,
he said, because, he said,
I had the opportunity
to be human again.
And he said, I was
waiting until that soul
had left of its own accord,
of its own free will, he said,
because, he said, it
wasn't until that point
that I was allowed
to occupy that body.
He said, you'll no
doubt remember, he said,
that when I was born, he said,
I was quite healthy and loud
and, you know, haven't changed
much since, which is the truth.
And as I said, I swear
that nobody had ever
told him any of that.
And he said that
he is a walk-in.
He walked into the
body that was vacated
because that's what
he chose to do.
>>REGINA: Did he go on
any further about, again,
why he had chosen to do that
and chosen this life and body?
>>ANN: Yeah.
He did say that he'd incarnated
into many different lives
before, some of them on this
planet, many of them on others.
But he said that he
wanted to experience
what it was like to grow up as
a human, to be human, he said,
because, he said, I
thought it would give me
more of an understanding
of where you're coming
from and in helping you
when the time comes.
>>REGINA: Wow.
What a thing to be told by
your son over a cup of tea.
What happened to you and your
husband, Paul, at this point?
>>ANN: Truthfully,
after everything
that we'd experienced
from, as I said,
since the day we said,
"we believe you," I mean,
since that day, things
really stepped up.
So of course, we were
having our own experiences.
We were experiencing
things in the house.
And so I mean, to
us, at that point,
it was just like, oh, OK.
>>REGINA: Right.
Just part of your reality.
>>ANN: Just part of
our reality, really.
>>REGINA: Was there
any kind of DNA
that was tested regarding Jason?
>>ANN: No.
>>REGINA: As time went?
He was never looked at
on any level like that?
He was--
>>ANN: No, no.
So apart from the tests
he had when he was 12.
>>REGINA: OK.
There was a third child, right?
Well, yes, exactly.
>>ANN: We hoped there
was a third child, yes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK.
Nathan.
>>ANN: Yes.
>>REGINA: Can you talk
about Nathan a little bit?
Tell us what happened and that
there was later an encounter
with the soul, the being.
>>ANN: Yes.
Basically, it didn't
go to full term.
Obviously, lost the baby.
It was never really mentioned.
But the thing was, I
had this-- the night
that it happened,
I had this really
sort of very vivid dream, which
I've assumed it was a dream.
I dreamt that I was on some
sort of table in a hospital.
And there was the blonde
being that I told you
about from the park.
And it was like I could just
about-- I knew it was him,
but I couldn't see him, because
it was like a light behind him.
So it sort of shadowed
him, if that makes sense.
But I remember I was
in incredible pain.
And he just sort of
touched my forehead.
And I just felt so peaceful.
It just felt so good.
And then I just looked at him.
And I said to him, why
are you taking my baby?
He said, it's for your own
good, because, he said,
you can't bear this child.
He said, it will kill you.
We were sort of
warned about the risks
of-- it was risky having
a third child because
of other problems,
which I won't go into.
But we were told it was a risk.
But it's like I woke
up in the morning,
obviously when
everything was finished.
And it's actually from
that point on I hated them.
And I hated them
with a vengeance.
It was like, how dare they?
>>REGINA: Right.
Make that decision for you.
>>ANN: Yeah.
How dare they?
Yeah, exactly.
That was for us to say.
That was for us to
make our minds up.
So I really did
really despise them.
And Jason said to me, you
know, because he obviously
knew all about it.
And he said to me, he said,
you know it wasn't a dream.
He said, you know it was real.
He said, mum, you
couldn't have that baby.
He said, it would have
killed you, and we need you.
But it didn't help.
You know, I still
felt the anger.
And it wasn't until
we actually went
to see some friends
in Australia-- well,
I say "friends."
We were invited to Australia
to give lectures and talks.
And there was a
lovely lady, who's
now a very good friend
of mine, Mary Rodwell.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ANN: You've heard of--
yeah, I was going to say,
I'm sure you've heard of her.
She asked if she
could do a regression
to try and help me
to get over that.
And we arranged a day when Paul
could take both the boys out
somewhere, so we had
the house to ourselves.
And she did.
She took me back to that night.
And she took me back
to the blonde being.
And he sort of spoke
to me some more,
and he tried to
explain that they
wouldn't keep my son from me.
And then Mary said to me,
would you like to see him?
And I said-- I was
crying at that point,
and I said, yes,
I need to see him.
And he just sort of
seemed to sort of walk out
from behind her.
And he was only about
sort of six or seven.
He had a little tooth missing at
the front and great, big locks
of blonde hair.
And I remember looking
at him and saying,
oh, I think you need a haircut.
And he held out
this red rose to me,
because he knows red
roses are my thing.
I felt at ease.
I felt so much better,
because I had remembered more.
And I was at peace
with it, if you like.
I could understand why
they did what they did.
And it was quite
funny, actually,
because when Paul came back
with the boys a few hours later,
I was just sitting talking
to Mary about everything.
And Jason walked in.
And he said to me,
so why do you think
Nathan needs a
haircut then, mum?
He said, I think it suits him.
>>REGINA: Oh.
Oh.
>>ANN: And I was like,
how the hell do you know?
And he just said,
he's my brother.
He said, I've been seeing
him since it happened.
>>REGINA: Knowing
everything you knew by then,
how did your rapport
with your sons change?
Or were they still by and
large your sons, kids, people?
Or were they totally different?
>>ANN: No.
No.
I love my boys with
every inch of me.
They're my boys.
>>REGINA: But I mean, did you
look at them any differently
than as just human
beings, just normal boys?
Or was there always this complex
overlay, that they knew things?
>>ANN: Yeah, I think
there was always
this overlay, as you say, that
they're a little bit different.
But different is good.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes, absolutely.
I wouldn't talk
to you otherwise.
>>ANN: But yeah.
As I say, we used
to do normal things.
We still have bills to pay.
And they wouldn't
pay our mortgage,
so we've got to do it.
>>REGINA: And the
family just live
with the knowledge at
nighttime, maybe things
were different for your
family than others.
>>ANN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Tell us about
Jason and some of the traits,
because oftentimes
with this experience,
the humans end up kind of
upgraded in their abilities
telepathically
and energetically.
Can you talk about
what developed in him?
>>ANN: Yes, of course.
He is an excellent healer,
exceptionally good.
I remember a time when friends
of ours, obviously who know
our story, asked if they
could come and see Jason.
And he kept refusing.
And he said, no,
time's not right.
And then one day over his
Corn Flakes, he said to me,
oh, tell your friend if
they want to come today
or tomorrow, he said,
that would be fine.
So of course, we
told our friends.
And it was a good
friend of ours.
And he had a problem
with his neck.
He'd damaged the
muscles in his neck.
And he'd been to--
is it chiropractors?
And he'd been to various
hospitals and clinics.
And nobody could alleviate
the pain for him.
So he came and sat with Jason.
And they were talking about
everything from football
to girls to you name it.
And then the guy sat
there and looked at Jason,
and he said, well,
you know why I'm here.
And Jason said-- It was quite
funny, because he was fumbling
with a chocolate bar
and he couldn't open it.
And Jason just said, yeah,
I know why you're here.
And he said, well,
can you help me?
And he just looked at
him, a great big grin,
and he said, done.
>>REGINA: Done.
[LAUGHTER]
>>ANN: And the
bloke just suddenly
went-- don't believe--
I can't believe it.
No, there's no way.
I can't believe this.
And he was like, well, that's
what you wanted, wasn't it?
And he said, why do
you come and ask me,
and then you said
you don't believe it?
And then he still couldn't
open his chocolate bar,
which seemed a bit of an odd--
you know, you can do this,
but you can't--
>>REGINA: Total distraction.
That's really interesting.
>>ANN: Yeah, exactly.
>>REGINA: And also, I
assume throughout his life,
he's remained quite
telepathic and open?
>>ANN: Yes, he is.
He is telepathic.
So yes, it's a bit of a pain
when it comes to Christmastime,
because he always knows what--
>>REGINA: You
can't surprise him.
>>ANN: Yeah, you
He knows what you've got him.
I mean, I remember one
year we got him a suit
that we thought, well, it's
time he had a proper suit.
And he said to us, oh, I don't
like the one with the stripes.
Can you get me the plain one?
And we're like, plain what?
He said, plain suit.
OK, we give up.
>>REGINA: And so he's
recently married.
Well, he's trying to live a
regular life of sorts, right?
But were there
any other messages
that came along that
were of a profound nature
that we need to know about?
>>ANN: He said that the
most important thing
is that he's here with
thousands of other star children
to help us to move into the--
is it the fifth dimension?
He said we're all
sort of reverberating
in the fourth dimension
at the moment.
But he said we need to move on.
But he said we need to get
to that spritual-- you know,
the spiritual part.
He said not
everybody will attain
that, he said, because,
he said, some minds
are just totally closed.
But he said, it's our job-- that
is the most important thing,
he said, is to
help to-- you know,
to help with the transition.
And he said, you know,
before long, money
won't mean anything, because
the planet is already
rebelling against
what we're doing
to it, which is a
no-brainer, really.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>ANN: But he said, the
way that you're all going,
you're just going
to do it again.
He said, you're going to
just destroy the planet,
you're going to
destroy yourselves.
He said, you've done it
so many times before.
He said, you came
so close with-- I
remember him sitting there.
And he was talking like
an orator, if you like.
And he said, you know, you had,
like, the Atlantian culture.
He was talking as "we."
He said, we were so proud
of you at that moment,
because you nearly
got it, he said.
You were so close.
He said, you were nearly there.
And then, he said,
somebody wanted something
that someone else had got, he
said, and there you go again.
And he said, you basically
screwed it up for yourselves
yet again.
He said, it's scary to watch.
But he said, this time
will be at your last try.
He said, if you don't
get it right this time,
you don't got another chance.
So that was one of the
most important messages.
>>REGINA: And what
did he seem to-- as
kind of a final statement, as
we're almost out of time, what
did he say we need to
embrace and do ourselves?
>>ANN: Right.
Yeah.
Somebody actually asked him
what his view of everything is.
And he said, well, he said,
the only enduring factor
in the whole of the universe,
he said, is the energy of love.
>>REGINA: Love, yes.
>>ANN: And he said,
until you can actually
embrace that, he said, and
allow it to encompass you,
he said, then, he said, you are
not going to get much further.
But he said it is
the energy of love
that will keep the
universe alive.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And I think it's always
important to note that there
are many, many bodies out
there in the universe.
There are many
different planets.
There are many places.
And that there is always
this eternal opportunity
for expansion, even if it's not
in the same venue, necessarily.
>>ANN: Yes.
Yes, I agree.
>>REGINA: So all we
have to do is really,
deeply connect to
the source of love
that's beyond anything personal.
>>ANN: Yes.
I believe that that is the key.
>>REGINA: And thank you
so much for your story.
It's a little frightening for
some moms and dads out there.
But it's also very inspiring
and what an incredible and brave
journey you've been through--
your dad, you, your sons.
And who knows about
their children.
>>ANN: Exactly.
Yes.
That's all to come. [LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: If you'd like to
connect with Ann directly,
maybe you want to share a
personal story and get some
feedback, you can reach
her through her email,
not a website, at dan--
D-A-N-A-N-N-- 89@hotmail.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
for Gaiam TV in London.
[MUSIC PLAYING]